## What Knowledge is required for the exam

Learn basic concepts in Machine Learning include understanding things
like

- Differences between ML, AI & Deep Learning

- Phases of a Machine Learning Project

- Training dataset vs Testing dataset vs Validation set

- Bias-Variance Tradeoff

- Overfitting and Underfitting

- Supervised Learning vs Unsupervised Learning vs Semi-Supervised
  Learning vs Self Supervised Learning

- Differentiating between a Regression Problem and a Classification
  Problem

- Various Metrics to quantify how well your model works (eg. Mean
  Squared Error, Confusion Matrix)

Once you are done with this you are all set to understand AWS and the
various services AWS has to offer about solving problems related to AI
and Machine Learning. I'll break this into 3 parts.

- AWS Bedrock

- AWS SageMaker & its services

- Standalone AI Services

Learning what **AWS Bedrock** is tells you about foundation models and
how AWS offers them as a service for anyone to use to make Generative AI
applications. **What are all the different ways you can interact with
it, get custom data into it, etc.?Â **

SageMaker, on the other hand, offers better flexibility in your ML
development process as it is a platform that allows you to perform all
the operations needed during the ML lifecycle. SageMaker offers many
different "sub-services" that help you throughout the ML lifecycle
(e.g., **Data Wrangler, Model Cards, Model Dashboard, SageMaker Clarify,
Feature Store, GroundTruth and** **SageMaker JumpStart**.)

The "Standalone AI Services" here refer to the wide variety of services
AWS offers to perform tasks like Text-to-Speech and Speech-to-Text,
Vector Databases, and Document intelligence. There are also some
services that AWS offers to build systems that use RAG(Retrieval
Augmented Generation) and RLHF(Reinforcement Learning through Human
Feedback). You only need to know their definitions and some sample use
cases and you'll be good to go. -- Polly, Lex etc

If you are done with learning about everything above, Awesome! ðŸ™Œ you
have covered all the main services that AWS has to offer about machine
learning and AI and you have a brief idea of what we are trying to solve
with Machine Learning and AI.

It's time for the final part, it may be boring as it includes a lot of
theory but trust me AWS will test you on this and this is where things
can get tricky. and that is **AI Governance**. This covers topics like
what responsible AI is and what must be the guiding principles to keep
in mind while building applications using AWS.

